modules/chapter1/pages/index.adoc, before:

= Chapter 1

In this chapter, we attempt to produce two versions of the same chapter index page, one with links to other quick courses, another without, that share the same content for all other chapters and sections, and all live in the same git repository.

The two versions are in different branches: `main` and `nolinks`. If differences between these branches are minimal (as in our current use case of not displaying links in a single page) it should be manageable.

== Red Hat Device Edge Quick Courses

NOTE: If this experiment works, you should see a link to a classroom in RHU followed by links to three quick courses on GitHub:

The following Red Hat Device Edge quick courses share the same https://role.rhu.redhat.com/rol-rhu/app/courses/hol014-9.5/pages/pr01[HOL014^] ROLE classroom:

* https://redhatquickcourses.github.io/rhde-build/[Building Red Hat Device Edge Images^]
* https://redhatquickcourses.github.io/rhde-microshift/[Deploying MicroShift on Red Hat Device Edge^]
* https://redhatquickcourses.github.io/rhde-microshift-bootc/[Deploying MicroShift on RHEL Image Mode^]

All other chapters and sections are, for now, unchanged from the starter template, but they may be changed in the future, if we use this git repository for further experiments.

Commit message:

tell the branch of the page, for consistency with the other branch

modules/chapter1/pages/index.adoc, after:

= Chapter 1

In this chapter, we attempt to produce two versions of the same chapter index page, one with links to other quick courses, another without, that share the same content for all other chapters and sections, and all live in the same git repository.

The two versions are in different branches: `main` and `nolinks`. If differences between these branches are minimal (as in our current use case of not displaying links in a single page) it should be manageable.

This page shoud display in the `main` branch.

== Red Hat Device Edge Quick Courses

NOTE: If this experiment works, you should see a link to a classroom in RHU followed by links to three quick courses on GitHub:

The following Red Hat Device Edge quick courses share the same https://role.rhu.redhat.com/rol-rhu/app/courses/hol014-9.5/pages/pr01[HOL014^] ROLE classroom:

* https://redhatquickcourses.github.io/rhde-build/[Building Red Hat Device Edge Images^]
* https://redhatquickcourses.github.io/rhde-microshift/[Deploying MicroShift on Red Hat Device Edge^]
* https://redhatquickcourses.github.io/rhde-microshift-bootc/[Deploying MicroShift on RHEL Image Mode^]

All other chapters and sections are, for now, unchanged from the starter template, but they may be changed in the future, if we use this git repository for further experiments.
